c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Intelli.dll
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Intelli.pdb
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Intelli_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.g.resources
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.dll
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.pdb
c:\users\hien\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\obj\Debug\Gui\TMP\SquareControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\obj\Debug\Gui\TMP\SquareControl2.g.cs
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\Bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\Bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Intelli\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\NLog.config
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Intelli.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Intelli.pdb
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Intelli_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\NLog.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\NLog.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.dll
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.pdb
C:\Users\Hien\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\Gui\TMP\App.g.cs
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\Gui\TMP\SquareControl.g.cs
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\Gui\TMP\SquareControl2.g.cs
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\Gui\TMP\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.g.resources
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\NLog.config
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Intelli.dll
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Intelli.pdb
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\Intelli_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\NLog.dll
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\NLog.xml
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\Bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.dll
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\Intelli.pdb
C:\Users\BT\Documents\GitHub\ChineseChessLearning\WindowsPhone\Intelli\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
